Well, I'm doing this prayer video live because I was going to make a video already today for tomorrow.
But after I got all the emails for the earthquake that just took place off the coast of Russia, I felt led to pray over people's protection because of the tsunami warnings that they're having.
And so, I want everybody to come together, and we're just going to take authority and pray over the coastlines of Hawaii, Japan, the West Coast of the United States of America, and parts of Alaska because, you know, we have power and authority over all this stuff, folks.
And so, we'll put our angels out there watching over these people.
We're the salt and we're the light, and that's what our job is.
And when God gives us these harbingers, these warnings through prayer telling us that they were coming...
How many weeks ago?
He said, "A major one is about to take place.
" And it did, just like the Lord told us.
But it's not the one—I've seen that one up there, and then I see the one on the Oregon coastline, and it will be very devastating from what I have seen.
So, we take authority and pray over the people of Oregon and over Washington because it's the Ring of Fire.
And this is the pressure that I warned you all about that's coming, a shaking in the atmosphere, a shaking in the soil.
And the Lord told me, He said, "Great pressure will come on the soil in the days ahead.
" And then there's other articles that are being sent to us about the asteroids saying, "Hey, it's going to hit the moon.
" Now, I thought that was kind of interesting because of what the Lord was telling me about the tides.
He said, "The tides will change.
There'll be unusual tides.
They'll come further in than ever before.
" And He said, "And they'll go out further than they ever have before.
" He said, "Watch the tides," if you all remember.
And so, these are the things that I've been praying over.
And over Italy—unusual tides in Italy, over...
was it Venice?
Yeah, that's what the Lord was talking to me about.
And so, those are the things that I've been praying over.
But I can tell you what's happened in the last couple of days with me.
But maybe we'll just go straight into prayer today on this video.
I was going to talk about some things the Lord had for you; I guess I can go over that.
He was talking about being obedient and listening to his still small voice, and that it wouldn't have to be, you know, like with body language and how you can sense whenever your spouse is upset about something.
They don't have to use words.
But following the voice of God so strong, following that inward peace, so that He doesn't have to speak when you're mature and you've been around somebody a long time.
They don't have to say something.
A lot of times, you already know what they're feeling just by how they're acting, right?
And your wife, you know, you're sitting next to your wife in the car or something, and you know if there's something bothering her or not just because of her mannerisms, right?
And so, that was what the Lord was talking to me about—listening to the mannerisms, listening to Him.
He doesn't have to...
If He's not saying something, follow that peace that passes all understanding.
There's many of you...
There's so much confusion, and that's why I see the emails.
My wife tells me, she says, "Brandon, people are thinking they're hearing the Lord, Brandon, and they're not.
They're not.
There are familiar spirits that are messing with these people.
" And that's why I made the video today going back to the ABCs of Christianity: reading your Bible, praying, going to church, volunteering, doing the things that you've got to do.
Do the ABCs, but don't just go around hearing voices.
That's what I was talking about.
There's a lot of people just hearing voices.
They're, you know, "I hear this voice and I followed it and I did this," and I'm thinking, "Well, don't do that.
" You've got to test the spirits and you've got to pray in the spirit, or pray in English, whatever you know how to do.
Pray, worship, get into worship.
And I have this for you: I was hurting really bad in my hip.
I hadn't made a video because I don't know what I did, but it was so bad I couldn't even get out of my chair.
I was under attack, and it was hurting so bad I couldn't move.
And so, I laid down and I couldn't even turn over in bed.
It was the most excruciating pain I've ever had.
And I told my wife, I said, "I might have to have you take me to the hospital because that's how bad this is.
" And all of a sudden, I started praying.
And I was praying and praying and praying and praying.
I said, "Lord, I thank you that I'm healed," and all this stuff.
He said, "Stop praying and start worshiping.
Start worshiping me.
" So, I just started singing songs, started worshiping the Father in here, and the glory of the Lord started to come.
I could feel it.
And in His presence, there's fullness of joy; there's fullness of peace.
And I was still feeling that pain, and He said, "Move your leg.
" I said, "Move my leg?
I'm in pain!
I don't want to move my leg.
" He said, "Move your leg.
" Okay, so I moved my leg, and I lifted my leg.
And all of a sudden, out of that little bit of obedience, the pain subsided a little bit.
He said, "Sing.
" So, I started singing, and I moved my leg.
He said, "Stop moving your leg.
Tell Diana to sing.
" So, she started singing, started worshiping, and all of a sudden, that pain level went down a little bit more.
I said, "Well, my goodness, this is amazing.
" Because I'm telling you, it was on a scale of one to 10, it was a 20.
That's how bad this pain was.
It was awful, and I was crying out.
I said, "I need mercy right now.
" He said, "Sing.
" So, I started singing more.
He said, "Lift your leg.
" So, I lifted my leg and I moved my leg.
He said...
It's just the still small voice.
It's the obedience of the little thing, even if it sounds foolish.
Listen.
He said, "Turn your body over, get on the floor, and move yourself where you can stand on one foot and hop.
" I said, "Lord, I'm in excruciating pain.
" But I said, "Lord, I'll do it.
" So, I turned over out of the side of my bed and I started bouncing on the foot that didn't hurt, and the pain started lifting even more.
I said, "Well, that was really interesting.
" And now, I was able to move a little bit so I could go to the restroom.
So, He said, "Go to the restroom.
" So, I hobbled into the restroom, and by the time I got there, the pain lifted a little bit more.
And then He said, "Now, sing more.
" So, I started singing more and I started worshiping the Father.
"Thank you, Father.
Thank you.
" I made it to the hall, and He said, "Walk quickly.
" I said, "Walk?
I can barely.
" So, I hobbled, starting to move down the hall, and the pain lifted a little bit more.
And I told her, "It's lifting.
" But it's as I take every single step of obedience in what He's asking me to do, even if it's not something that my flesh wants to do.
I'm following the voice of God and what He's instructed me, even if it doesn't make sense.
So, I get down all the way, and He said, "Now, go sit on the side of your bed again.
" So, all these little steps of pain that was so intense that I couldn't move...
and I kept listening, I kept listening, I kept listening.
And by the time it was like 1:00, whatever it was, it was terrible.
Boom, it just started lifting completely.
And He said, "Go to sleep.
" So, I went to sleep.
When I woke up, it was completely gone.
But what I'm trying to tell you is in the word that He gave me within that 24 hours, He said, "This is what it's going to take to walk in the greater glory.
" Even if it doesn't make sense what I'm instructing you to do, you just obey me even if it's painful.
Do you understand?
Following the voice of God beyond your intellect in these last days, even if it doesn't make sense to your natural mind.
The natural man perceiveth not the things of the Lord.
And in these last days, for what's about to take place, you must obey Him at all costs, even if it doesn't make sense.
"Jump on one leg.
" "I'm in pain.
" "Jump on one leg.
" Boing, boing, boing.
It lifts.
I go, "Well, I'll be.
" And that's what He was talking to me about—obeying Him at all costs.
And He gave me an illustration because I watched Billy Burke.
He'll be ministering to somebody, and all of a sudden, he will get a word of knowledge for another person instantaneously.
He'll turn and minister that word of knowledge that he's getting from the Father instantaneously to that other person.
The other person's there, and it's awkward, and they'll be looking at him like you're rude.
But he'll follow the voice of God at all costs, and the anointing follows.
It flows.
It's not what you think you should be doing at that moment.
And the Lord showed me.
He said, "It's not what you think you should be doing at the moment.
It's following My voice, even if it doesn't make sense.
" And what we're going to come to in the days ahead, going into the fall, going into this new season, He said an acceleration of things is about to take place.
You're about to see things change like you've never seen them change before.
And if you want to flow with Me, you're going to have to obey Me when it doesn't make sense.
And that's what He's been instructing me about.
I was invited to do certain things, and it looked all beautiful, but the Lord said, "This is not peace.
I'm not giving you a go on this.
" Well, I don't understand, Father.
Isn't this the door?
Isn't this what You want me to do?
He said, "No, don't do this.
" And it's uncomfortable for your flesh, but follow what I tell you to do, even if it doesn't make sense to you.
"But I'm going to show you some things concerning this.
" So, He gave me a download.
It was a word of correction for some things.
And it was so clear what the Holy Spirit was showing me.
But the enemy came immediately.
He's like, "Oh, you're not hearing the voice of God.
" It was torment.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
So, I'm dealing with the balance of your flesh and the spirit, because your flesh wants money, because you want the provision, you want all this stuff, and you're trying to get it, and you think, "Oh, there's money involved.
This is a blessing.
" And the Lord said, "Reject that.
Don't take that.
Do what I tell you to do.
" And it's listening to Him at all costs, even if it doesn't make sense to your flesh.
Because this individual said, "Hey, we want to bless your ministry," and it's a lot.
I was like, "Oh my goodness, praise God.
" But the Lord said, "No, will you listen to Me even when it doesn't make sense?
" Yes, Lord.
Yes, Lord.
So, I follow the voice of God.
This is what He tells me to do, and this is what I'm trying to tell you to do.
Go back to the basics.
Go back to your first love.
He started talking to me about the book by John Bevere, "The Awe of God".
And He said there must be a reverent fear.
Not like, "Oh, I'm scared of God.
" I'm talking about reverencing Him and being in awe of Him because of who He is.
He is a God that is to be feared.
And we're not giving Him enough reverence in these days.
It's the still, small voice, but obeying the still, small voice even whenever it doesn't make sense, and fear Him.
This is what He says to do, and it's not what your intellect thinks you should be doing.
It's following Him at all costs.
Awe of God.
And He said, "Go back, and you need to read the book again.
Read the first several chapters of John Bevere's book again.
You're missing it.
You need to go back to the basics of what I've told you.
Don't deviate just because all this stuff's coming at you.
" "Hey, we have a conference for you over here.
We have a conference for you over here.
" "What have I told you to do?
Raise up prayer warriors for this time, in these end times.
Bring a million-man and woman prayer army.
That's your assignment.
Don't deviate from it.
" Do you understand?
And the shiny thing is really shiny, and it can distract you.
What did God say?
And that's what I want you to go back to in your life today, ladies and gentlemen.
Go back to, what did God say?
Do you have an inward peace to do for the Father on a day-to-day basis?
Don't let the shiny thing distract you, because there'll be a lot of enticing things in your life that come along to try to deviate you from the plan, just because the anointing is there and people are attracted to the anointing.
People get attracted to the light, and they'll have all kinds of opportunities, and there'll be money in it and all kinds of things.
But what does God say?
No matter how much it looks so pretty and the pig has lipstick, God said, "Don't touch it.
" He said, "Don't touch it.
" And there'll be a lot of times He'll instruct you to do things and it doesn't make sense.
That's what I have for you.
I pray that blessed you.
But that's what He's dealing with me on.
And He said, "From glory to glory, I'm changing you, changing you, changing you into His likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
" For He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, His likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
Do you understand?
He's taking us from glory to glory.
He's changing me.
And you've got to keep doing what He's asked you to do, and at all costs.
And so that's what I have.
I know this is live, but it's just so raw.
I'm just so real, y'all, about this kind of stuff.
I might mess up, and I might say the wrong thing, but I know my heart is trying so hard to tell you what the Holy Spirit has told me today.
You know, I was outside doing my sprinkler, and it was all messed up.
The guy hit it with a lawnmower, and He sat out here for a minute and talked to me.
So, I was out there, and I was digging a hole trying to fix the sprinkler, doing everything, just listening.
And my reaction was, "Well, I'm going to go do a live.
It's getting late.
You told me to pray for the people.
" "Oh, I told you to do this, but see, it was listening to His leading immediately.
I told you to take some time and fix the sprinkler.
" Okay, even if it doesn't make sense, we'll fix the sprinkler right now in the dark.
Put the light on, just digging around.
And so that's what I was doing.
You know, I probably still have dirt on myself.
So I changed my shirt, put it on.
I was excited because I had a new shirt.
I said, "I'll do a new live video for y'all with my new shirt.
" But it's just keeping that.
Go back—I'm going to tell you again—go back to your first love.
Go back to where you fell in love with Him, and get all of this.
Because the Lord showed me, there was this man.
He said, "This was pure before, but the more they get big in their own eyes and all the stuff, it starts to deviate.
" Go back to the basics.
What were the prayers you prayed before you were anything?
What were the prayers you prayed before you had a big church, or a big ministry, or any kind of anything?
Because that's what's going to keep you.
That's what's going to keep you, the more you spend time with Him and keep that freshness.
Father, I just want to be used by you to do something great.
I want to help you bring in the harvest.
I want to help bring in the lost for Jesus today.
And when you start doing it, he said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
" Boom.
The people start coming.
But you get distracted with the shiny thing, and then you've got to go back to the basics: the awe of God, the fear of God.
I reverence you with holy fear.
This is very important that you do this because that's where his voice is at—that still, small voice in the worship.
But it's in the simple things, the ABCs; a child can do it.
Last night, Diana was in her prayer time, and she goes to her secret place.
Paisley came in, my little girl, and Diana was instantaneously like, "Oh, you know, I'm having my...
" and the Lord said, "Suffer not the children to come to me.
Let her come.
" So Diana said, "Honey, I'm worshiping the Father right now.
I'm having my prayer time, but I'll let you come in here.
" And all of a sudden, the Holy Ghost and fire hit my little girl.
And it was so radical that the presence of God filled our secret place, and it was fire.
I'm talking, I could feel it radiating off of my little girl, and Holy Ghost tongues—it was boom.
The glory of God filled my little girl like I've never seen before, to the point where it was on another level.
An intercessory prayer started just out of my ten-year-old.
She just started interceding for I don't know who, but it was just bubbling like a river of water just coming up out of her.
And I was hearing her interceding and travailing in the spirit for whoever this was.
I pray it was for me, but it was glory off this child.
The presence of the Lord was on her to the point where it was amazing, the freshness, and she was smelling the fragrance just like Diana.
But I'm going to tell you, in these last days, he said, "I'm going to pour out my Spirit upon all flesh.
" All flesh.
And that's your sons, and your daughters, and your children, and your great-grandchildren.
It's all hands on deck is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
It's not going to be, "Well, they're an elder and, of course, they're...
" He's going to use ten-year-olds, and he's going to use your five-year-olds.
It's all hands on deck.
This is the time for the greatest outpouring that we've ever seen before, and we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And the ark door is about to close.
Are you on the ark?
Do you know that Jesus Christ is coming with all these things?
We see the tsunami that we're about to pray for, and we see the signs in the heaven that I've warned you about—this major asteroid and all these things.
It's coming, and all the odds are in our favor, but it looks like the math is saying it's coming this way.
And they said, "We're not going to announce all this because it will cause panic, and we have some time.
Maybe it will change course.
" But the Lord said, "Fearful sights you will see in the days ahead that will bring you to your knees.
" He said, "Many things will come in the days ahead that will shake people to their core.
" Do you understand?
It will be a great wake-up call.
And I heard the church bells ringing, "Ding, ding, ding, ding.
" And the echo was going across the land.
And as the church bells were ringing, ladies and gentlemen, there was an awakening around the land because that's what church bells do: they awaken you.
They're warning signs that something major is about to happen.
And that's what was happening in the realm of the spirit.
The Lord said, "There's a great shaking to awaken, Brandon.
Many of my people are asleep.
They're like an ostrich with their head in the sand.
Their eyes are fixed upon the land; they're not looking for what's coming.
But I'm going to do it out of a great grace explosion—something you can't earn and something you don't deserve.
Do you understand?
It's grace.
" And God said, "I'm going to show you one great explosion of grace upon the earth one more time.
One more time.
" And you're about to see, he said, the healings, and the demonstrations, and the manifestations of the glory are coming in a way that you've never seen before.
He said, "I'm going to do something that's never been seen before.
Behold, I do a new thing.
" And many people will say, "Well, we've seen that before.
Ah, is that really God?
" No, you're not going to question whether this is God or not for what's about to happen.
A great travail of intercessory prayer—that's what, at first, it comes out of prayer.
That's what this channel's doing.
And it comes out of prayer, and then we see it in the natural.
But if it's not birthed in prayer first, you're not going to see it in the natural because it has to be prayed over continually.
And you get mockers, and you get all these scoffers, and you get people—they don't get it because the natural man perceiveth not the things of God because they have a carnal mind.
But a great shaking is coming to you, New York.
I told you, remember David Wilkerson's prophecies.
A great shaking is coming to New York.
A great shaking is coming to California.
A great shaking is coming to Seattle.
A great shaking is coming to Portland, Oregon.
Remember this.
He said, "The greater the blue is—the greater the blue the state is—the greater the harvest is, for I'm going to show a great grace explosion.
" But it is a shaking to awaken.
And you'll see it in Minnesota.
You're going to see it over these places.
And that's why I was praying over this church called Living Word.
Living Word.
And he said, "I'm going to visit there with Holy Ghost and fire one last time.
And it won't be like it was with the first round with the founders of the church; this will be with the sons and the daughters.
It will be a great move of my presence upon this church one last time.
" Remember this.
And you will see many elders in the days ahead.
Some of them you'll say, "Oh, it's judgment.
They went home.
" No, it's just the season.
There's a time to live and a time to die; there's a time to plant and a time to reap.
And you will see generals go home soon—big generals.
And a lot of the people in the media, they'll say, "Oh, it's judgment.
See, God's mad at them.
" No, it's them being called home.
Not everything's about judgment.
It's not because they're in sin; it's a time to live and a time to die.
And that's what the Spirit of the Lord told me, and, "You must correct this.
" And I said, "Yes, I'll do this.
" I say the hard things.
I say the good things.
I like it when he gives me easy words.
But I have an urgency of the hour to tell you, going into September, you see all the things.
He said, "Watch the fig tree.
" What's the main thing about September?
I told you it was coming before—the Lord did, not me.
The Lord said, "Correct that.
" The Lord told me in prayer to watch September back in May.
He circled it, and there was fog on it, and he said, "This is something to do with Israel.
" What is this?
So we see Emmanuel—we see other, the UK guys said today, "We want to have...
if they don't stop this, we want to recognize Palestine as a state, a two-state solution.
" All these things right when September...
September will be the month to remember.
This is what I've been praying for.
A great change will start to take place, and my son always has to help me with this word, Rosh Hashanah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, folks, it's the names.
Rosh Hashanah—acceleration from this timeframe, an acceleration to acceleration from glory to glory, change, birthing pains.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Watch.
The more we get closer to the door, the labor pains are increasing.
Why?
Because he's coming.
He's coming.
Watch the fig tree.
Watch Israel.
Watch this.
Well, I don't agree with Bibi.
I don't agree with Israel what they're doing.
The people are dying in Gaza.
Folks, I didn't say I agree with the administration.
I'm talking about the country of Israel.
I'm talking about praying for Jerusalem.
I'm not talking about always agreeing with the administration, with the Democrats or Republicans or whatever.
I'm talking about what the Bible says about watching the fig tree.
Period.
It's not about a party.
It's about the land.
It's about his people.
It's about what God's going to do.
And people get all twisted about things.
I said, "We've got to come up higher.
What does the Lord say?
Where are we in the end-time clock?
" That's why I tell you about Sister Billie's meetings, you know, at the prayer conference, and the Lord's telling me to pray over this conference.
Pray—these are Moed times in the spirit realm, Brandon.
These are appointed times of prayer and intercessory prayer, to intercede for the nations, to intercede for what's coming.
It has to be birthed in prayer before you see it allotted in the natural.
Do you understand?
And most people don't get that.
But I'm trying to tell you what we have to do as we see these generals get ready to go home.
As we see the new Davids rise up with slingshots ready to take down the giants and the Esthers ready to go stand before the king.
Are you going to be one of them?
Will you allow the Lord to use you in these last days and say, "Here am I, Lord, send me.
Here am I, Lord, send me"?
You may not have much to work with, but "I'm available.
" "I may not be the smartest one in the back, but I'm available.
I may not be the handsomest or the prettiest, but I'm available.
If you can use this, Lord, use me.
" And it comes back to just that innocence of a child.
"Father, I'm here, Lord.
" And you know what?
God will take your nothing and make it into a great something.
He takes the fishes and the loaves and feeds thousands, with twelve baskets of overflow.
God will take your little bit of something and make it into a lot if you let him.
It's all hands on deck.
There's a great shaking to awaken, as you see in these earthquakes in diverse places and all the things that are going on right now.
The signs of the times are all upon us.
Are you watching, or is it just status quo?
Is the water level rising and the pot's beginning to boil, and you don't even realize what's going on around you because you've become desensitized to the signs of the times?
It's time to wake up.
So that's what I had.
I hope that blessed you.
I felt a release to shut up.
Now, I told Braden, I said, you know, I always tell him, I said, "Okay, he's done.
Let's pray.
" Okay.
I have to take communion.
I do not ever go over and see if he has anything because I'm not going to get snared by any devil.
So I go, and I always go before his throne with communion.
And you know me.
So, Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done, all that you're going to do.
And I thank you, Father, for your blood, for your body that was broken for us.
I take this body and I lift it up before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you became sickness for me.
You said, "By my stripes, you're healed.
" And I lift up this body before you in the mighty name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that I am healed and whole and well from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
And I plead the blood over me, Father.
And I take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, I'm healed.
Thank you, Lord, I'm well.
And Lord, I plead the blood.
I make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of me.
And I apply the blood over this room.
I apply the blood all around my house so that I will not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father, if there's anything you want to show us to warn us that's coming.
And if not, it's okay.
We'll just keep praying anyway.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we plead the blood over the gifts you've given us.
And we thank you, Lord, that we cover ourselves in the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for that blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that you forgive us of our sins tonight, Father.
Any open doors, we shut them in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the acceleration of the end times, and the seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
And we plead the blood over our seeds, and every negative seed we've sown that we try to reap a harvest over us.
Father, we thank you for mercy.
We call for mercy over those seeds tonight, Father, that we don't reap a bad harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we call mercy over our seeds and we plead the blood over us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Right.
Thank you, Lord, that we hear, we see what you want to say.
We'll hear your voice, and the stranger's voice we will not follow.
How many people are here?
4,100.
Wow, it's late, too.
People keep sending me these waters.
I really appreciate y'all.
You have great hearts.
I told D, I said, "I feel like I'm a walking billboard for this company now.
They'll be going, 'You drink this water over there.
'" I don't know if the company's sending it to me or whoever, but somebody sent me these waters through my Amazon.
I'm trying to be a blessing for drinking.
I said, "Hey, that's pretty neat.
Thank you for the water.
" Father, we just thank you, Lord.
Father, we just thank you.
Father, we just humble ourselves before you.
We just come before you boldly into your throne room.
We thank you, Father, that you've chosen us to be in the end times.
That, Father, you said there'll be a generation that doesn't taste death, Brandon, and you're that generation.
That there will be a generation in these last days that doesn't taste death.
And we give you all the glory.
And Father, as we see these signs of the times happening all around us, Father, you said that we could take authority over things and pray for protection—that a thousand should fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over Hawaii, over the West Coast, over Alaska, over Japan.
And we say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, you will not destroy or harm any property in the name of Jesus.
Waves, be still!
As Jesus spoke to the waves, we speak to the waves: "Peace, be still.
Peace, be still.
" In the name of Jesus, we call the waves to dispatch, to just flatten out.
You'll not have major waves come into Hawaii.
You'll not have them come onto the West Coast.
And we call the land to have peace right now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that no believers, no harm comes nigh any of us, that we're always in the right place at the right time, and the angels are round about us.
Father, you said in your word that they would bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Now, Father, I plead the blood all around the coast of British Columbia.
I call the angels to watch over the people of British Columbia, all the way up, Father, all around Alaska and Anchorage, all around Russia and all around Japan, all around the islands.
Father, we call a mighty hedge of your protection over this land in the name of Jesus.
We believe we receive everything, all your divine protection over us, Father.
Do you all believe that?
Y'all believing with me.
There's no wave coming in.
We take authority over the waves.
We take authority over any kind of destruction.
We come against it in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We put the angels there.
We thank you, Lord.
We call the waves down.
We call calm to the sea.
I still see when I'm praying right then.
I see a bubbling in the water.
I see a major active volcano in the water right now.
I'm talking about a massive volcano off the coast of Oregon.
There are gases coming.
There is steam coming.
And remember the fish.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
It caused the fish from the deep waters to come up.
Glory to God.
Father, we cover it.
We cover all the land.
Some things you will not stop.
Some things are signs of the times.
He says, 'You'll not stop it all.
You'll not stop this, but you pray divine protection over you and your household.
' Do you understand?
Some things you're going to see.
That's what he's talking to me about because I said, 'Will you stop this?
' He said, 'No, some of these things you will not.
These things have to happen.
' I see a shaking coming to British Columbia.
You need to hear me.
I see a major shaking coming to British Columbia.
I'm going to pray over this for a minute, okay?
So you can just pray along with me.
Mexico.
I see the buildings shaking.
I see the buildings moving in British Columbia.
I see the big buildings.
It's the same.
Yellowstone.
I'm praying over Yellowstone.
I see a great eruption.
I see Mount Fuji again.
Mount Abu out of nowhere.
It will erupt in one day.
Out of nowhere, it will just boom.
It's worse than a nuclear explosion.
It's like massive atomic bombs.
I have to be careful what I say.
But I'm telling you, this is like a massive thing happening to the top of this volcano, this mountain.
I see the markets will be shaken.
Make a great shaking, Japan.
Japan and the economy of Japan.
Costa Rica shaking.
I'm in New York now, and I can see disruption.
You say, 'What does that mean?
' I see smoke.
I hear the sirens, but I see the lights from the ambulance workers and the fire trucks.
There's an event.
Something has happened, and it's on the street level again.
A major uprising in New York, a major disturbance.
Civil unrest is the word I hear.
Civil unrest is coming.
I see a shaking coming to Australia.
I see the big building.
It looks like that opera house thing.
I see that building.
Queensland?
Sydney.
Sydney Opera House.
Is that Sydney?
I don't know.
It's that building.
I see that building.
It's on the water's edge.
I see that building, and I know this is Australia.
And the Lord said this is what we're praying over.
The shaking is coming to Australia.
That's it right there.
That's what I see right there.
It is lit up, that white thing.
It's lit up in the middle.
That's what I see right there, that building.
An awakening is coming.
You will see an awakening.
It's like they're out of sight, out of mind, way down here, but an awakening is coming to Australia.
They are down here, way down.
And I'm telling you, the Lord said a shaking is coming.
Weird things with your weather.
It's very strange weather, unusual heat.
I'm talking about the major cities.
Pray for the rain.
Drought.
I see it.
Pray for the rain.
We call in the rain.
Not just the natural rain, but we call in the Holy Ghost rain.
We call drought to be broken.
When this heat comes, Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the weather.
We call in that rain right now.
We call it in before the heat comes.
It's coming.
Change is coming to the weather.
It's not now; it's coming.
Do you understand?
Change is coming.
I see drought, unusual heat.
Speak to the weather.
Speak to the rain to come in this coming season.
You must speak to the rain.
I see fires upon the land in Australia.
I'm talking about the farmland crops.
Let me explain what I see.
I usually go into the depth of my visions in a subsequent video, but since I am live, I see the land right now.
It's like when you get those stress cracks in the land from drought.
It's cracked all around, and pools of water that once were are gone.
It's like a dust bowl.
I see intense heat, and the reason I know it is because of the heat distortion you see in the distance.
I see that upon the land as I'm praying, moving on the land.
I'm seeing that opera house, and it's going to be very hot there.
People might say, 'Of course it gets hot there.
' No, this is unusual drought and unusual heat.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over the weather.
Pray over the rain for the coming season.
' You understand?
This is important if you live there, that you pray over your rain.
Pray for the rain.
This is very serious.
Pray for the cows and for agriculture, because right when I said that, I saw a cow and I saw the agriculture.
That's why the Lord is showing me this.
Pray over this.
It is hot, even over kangaroos getting too hot.
I'm talking about kangaroos, fires, and kangaroos not having anything to drink because it's too hot.
The Lord said, 'Move on.
' So we're going to move on.
Okay.
Now the Lord said we must pray over Ukraine and this escalation of what's trying to happen here.
Ukraine, Russia, Europe—an escalation of war is in store.
You must pray over it.
Deflate egos and pride.
haughtiness inside over this escalation.
It's a thin line.
Do you hear this?
A thin line.
I see a thin line concerning Zelensky and Poland.
I see Poland in this.
Zelensky and an escalation of what I've told you is coming about this mega thing.
It's a thin line.
We're talking a split decision.
A very serious split decision is what I'm seeing.
This is like a line and it's like, 'Don't cross that line.
' And it's thin.
It's so thin, it's hair-thin.
That's how close this thing is to really kicking off into something more.
It's hair-thin.
'Just give me a reason to push the button.
' You know what I'm saying?.
You know what I'm saying?
That's how serious this is.
And I see it with Poland.
I see Zelensky.
I see it, and there's something going on here again.
I see this, and the Lord said, 'A thin line.
Handle the bear with care.
' Trump, handle the bear with care.
I see a strong arm.
Just like I told you.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, just like I told you: strong arm.
You must handle the bear with care.
' I just heard it again.
Don't strongarm.
Don't be flexing.
It will get out of control.
I see an escalation out of control.
We must pray for a de-escalation to diffuse this in Jesus' name.
No more lives lost.
No more people unnecessarily going home.
No more ego.
Flex, flex, flex—I see it's like flexing.
The Lord said, 'No flex, egos, or pride.
' Calm of the mind to decide, no clutter.
Do you hear me?
No clutter.
Go about this at peace.
Peace to this storm.
Calmer heads will prevail.
Calm heads.
We call for calm.
Don't be flexing.
No, handle the bear with care.
Don't back it in a corner.
A thin line—there's a thin line.
You will see a thin line.
The Lord said, 'No.
many, many lives.
' I see Kim Jong-un.
North Korea is in the waiting.
And then a great escalation to really kick this thing off into a higher level.
Alliances have been made.
Great alliances have been made, waiting.
The military—it's not a bluff.
This is not a bluff.
I hear, 'This is not a bluff.
' You must listen.
This is not a bluff.
I see it in the shadows.
What's happening in the shadows?
I see Macron again.
The Lord said, 'Do not say that out loud on this.
' Okay.
Useless weasels.
The Lord said we open them.
Open it.
I see the Canadian Prime Minister again.
He's in the background, and I see barrels of oil in the background.
Desperation concerning economies.
Desperation.
Hope.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy, holy.
I will bless His name again.
He is here.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling out your name.
He is here.
You can touch Him.
You will never be the same.
I sense an awesome moving of the Holy Spirit.
I see His countenance resting on your face.
I know that there are angels hovering all around us, for the presence of the Lord is in this place.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy, holy, I will bless His name again.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling out your name.
He is here.
You can touch Him.
You will never be the same.
Whenever I was looking, I saw Africa.
I could see the sun shining upon Africa, but it was the rays of the sun, and a glorious outpouring of His Spirit is coming to Africa.
It was beautiful.
I searched for peace among the shadows, dark and lonely.
Gave up on finding that long and lasting light.
I tasted all the things that sin could think to offer me.
But today I feast on manna from above.
He is here.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
He is here.
Holy, holy, I will bless His name again.
Listen closely.
Hear Him calling out your name.
He is here.
You can touch Him.
You will never be the same.
Lord, we thank you for this time of prayer tonight.
Thank you, Lord.
There's so much there that you showed me.
There's so much there of warnings for the people to take heed and pray over the land, especially this about the escalation, a thin line with war we're about to see.
If we strongarm, if they strongarm, it will push this thing over to an escalation that we don't want to see, for North Korea is in the balance in the back and most people don't see it.
They're in the shadows, and this has a great opportunity to go into another level like we do not want to see upon our world.
This has an opportunity to be escalated to another level.
And the Lord said, 'Diffuse.
' Ego and pride are in the way.
Diffuse.
Strong arm—this is what you'll see, and you'll push the bear in a corner.
An escalation of things that you don't want to see will take place as you think you will try to de-escalate.
But this will be a thin line that will be crossed.
A thin line will be crossed.
It is so rice-paper thin, but most people do not realize it.
You say, 'Well, our military intelligence says this.
' They're wrong.
I hear by the Spirit of God, you're wrong.
You need to hear me.
If we do this, we'll de-escalate things.
We'll back them in a corner.
No, you're about to see somebody who's kamikaze.
Do you understand?
That's what I hear the Spirit of God say for a great shaking.
Is it worth the sons and the daughters?
Is it worth the life?
The same thing told you: 'Do not split my land.
Do not split my land.
' This is a warning.
This is what the Lord said: 'Do not touch my land.
For there will be sheep nations and there are goat nations.
' You'll hear this more.
You'll see more about the goat nations and the sheep nations.
Who stands and who doesn't?
You say, 'We want to be a sheep nation.
' Trust me, there are judgments, great judgments.
Don't be on the wrong side of this, leaders.
You pray for your leaders.
The Lord said, 'Pray for your leaders.
Don't be on the wrong side of this, Canada.
' I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Don't be on the wrong side of this, Canada.
Don't be on the wrong side of this, England, Europe, the EU.
Don't be on the wrong side of this.
India, the sway this way.
' Remember, I'm remembering what the Lord said about the man with the gray beard.
I don't remember directly what you said, Father.
Do you remember what he...
war crimes?
Yeah, war crimes.
He was voting against Israel.
Standing against Israel.
Thank you, son.
My son's my encyclopedia.
He has all inside of him, too.
Thank you, buddy.
I'm seeing it, Lord.
That's what he's saying.
Stand on the right side of this.
Yep.
That's the man, Modi.
Modi, a great shaking is coming to India again.
I see the temples falling right there.
I'm telling you, a great revival is coming and I see the temples falling with monkeys on them.
I see monkeys and I see temples falling completely decimated, completely.
I'm talking dust shaking.
Megan's making a noise in the background, son.
I don't know if it's picking up, but it's starting to lift anyway.
That's okay, it is starting to lift.
Well, glory to God.
Lord, is there anything else you want to show us today?
Well, praise the Lord.
See how the anointing of intercession goes in waves, and I can feel it.
It starts like it crashes and it pulls back, and you wait.
You wait for it, and it's like the second hand hits again, and you feel to go with it again sometimes.
But sometimes it's done.
It's flat and you've done your part.
We all add our part to the symphony.
It's the beautiful orchestra that's happening in the spirit realm, and we add our part, and then somebody else will add their part, but it all keeps going.
It never dies, and that's why a lot of times I pray a lot at night because there's a flow.
It's a river, and you can flow, and it's the pulse of the orchestra, you know?
And then when your part's done, you take a little break, and He'll give you—you can get a drink and say, 'Okay.
' And then all of a sudden, you'll feel it stir up inside of you again.
And He'll say, 'Pray, pray, pray.
This is what I'm going to show you today.
' Boop, boop.
And that's how I flow.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to go on there and do this live today.
I want you to pray with my people.
' I said, 'Okay, I can do that.
But first, do the sprinkler.
' So, that's what I did outside.
You know, it's just me, y'all.
I'm not all this hype.
I just pray, just follow the Holy Ghost today.
I pray it blessed you.
5,700.
Okay.
Well, we can pray some more.
I mean, there's a lot of you here, but I tug with the river.
I tug with the river.
That's what He said.
We go tubing.
We pray at the river, but okay, instantaneously, the Lord said, 'If they want to pray, we'll pray.
' Listen, I'm in Europe again.
I can see it.
He said, 'Just pray in tongues over that for a minute.
' That's what He said.
He said, 'Just pray in tongues.
' You saw what's coming and what's about to happen.
Now, pray in the spirit over it, okay?
So, we're just going to pray in tongues.
I'm going to pray in tongues into what I'm seeing with Trump and the strong arm and handle the bear with care, and with what I see with Zelensky and Poland.
And then behind the shadows is North Korea.
Okay.
So, what we're going to do is we're going to pray into that and pray a de-escalation of war, war.
So, that's what we're going to do, okay.
He's a puppet.
I hear he's a puppet again.
You hear him, Zelensky?
He's a puppet.
He's a marionette.
He's on his strings, and he's doing what he's been told to do from the weasel.
The weasel.
I see the weasel manipulating the puppet again, a marionette puppet.
I see Australia being dragged into this relentlessly.
I mean, they don't want to—I see them in their face, but they're being dragged into this.
I see Australia, their people, they don't want this, being dragged like, 'Oh, we don't want to get involved.
' I saw their army men, their troops on the ground.
I saw them, and they don't want to.
If this escalates to where I see it, they will be involved.
There will be these involved, and it will be a front of all-different war, a world war, a great world war.
There's meetings ahead.
I see meetings.
I see a table.
I see meetings ahead.
I see Iceland.
In the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, I see Cuba.
I see Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
Whoa.
They're being promised things.
Most every day...
The mules.
Oh, there's great darkness there.
There's great darkness there.
Oh, we call light to it.
We call light to it.
We expose it.
We expose the darkness.
Yeah, buddy, flip on the light.
Flip on the light, Lord.
We expose that darkness in there.
We call Cuba to be exposed.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
We receive it, Lord.
We receive Your protection.
We receive what You have for us.
Protection, protection.
Glory to God.
Not too far off.
It's not too far off.
I hear the Lord say, 'It's not too far off.
' Oh, it's not too far off.
It's not too far off.
Just a little bit more work, you see, and I'm coming to get you.
So that's what He's saying.
It's not too far off.
We're right there.
You're right there.
Just push just a little harder.
We're almost there.
Jesus is coming.
He just wants to—He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
He wants the one.
He wants the one in the back fields.
He wants to bring in the ones in the back fields.
If you're watching this today and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you say, 'This is really weird.
What this guy is doing is really weird.
' Yeah, to the natural man, it does seem really weird.
But I'm trying to tell you, if you don't know Jesus Christ today, you're running out of time.
All this other stuff, all this stuff doesn't matter.
All this other stuff doesn't matter if you don't know Jesus.
We can pray about all this stuff, but it's all for naught if you don't have Jesus Christ in your heart.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm just interested in this stuff.
I think it's interesting.
' No, no, no.
You're missing it.
Unless a man be born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
And you may be watching this back and you're saying, 'All that weird language and all that stuff,' but you're not here by coincidence.
You're not here by coincidence.
He said it: you can't come to the Father unless He's drawing you.
And you feel that inside, there's something going on.
'What is going on with me?
I feel something going on.
I feel something.
' It's a stirring.
It's an itching.
It's the stirring of the Holy Spirit drawing you.
It's time for you to come home to the Lord today.
It's time for you to come home to the Lord.
If you're still here, it's time for you to come home to the Lord today.
You've been backsliding.
You've been living a compromising life in sin.
You know, right?
You've been taught all your life to be in church, but you watch my videos because you know there's something right about it and you're stirred inside.
And the Lord says you're here right now and you're watching and you've been living in compromise.
You've been living in a sinful lifestyle, sleeping around, doing the things you shouldn't be doing, and you know it's wrong.
And you say, 'Lord, I'm coming home today.
' If you're in this video right now and you feel a tugging at your heart, I want you to say something in the chat.
Say, 'I'm coming home today.
I'm coming home today.
' Jesus wants you to come home today.
He's waiting, ready with His robe, saying, 'I'm here for you.
' Turn your back on the world and everything that you think—sin is good for a season, folks.
It tastes good for a season, but in the end, there's death.
In the end, there's death.
And many of you are just right on the verge.
If you don't get your heart right for the Lord, you could step over into eternity because of some open door, something you don't realize.
The enemy is waiting at your door, and he's knocking and he's ready to take you out.
Turn your back and shut the door today.
Come home today.
Jesus is waiting on you.
His arms are wide open and He's saying, 'Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
' Do you understand?
He loves you and He has a plan for your life.
Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life today.
And it's a good plan.
He said, 'I have a plan to prosper you.
I have a plan of peace.
I have a plan of joy.
Everything is good with the Lord.
' But the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, the devil's a bad devil and God is a good God.
Just like Oral Roberts always said, the devil's a bad devil and God is a good God.
But I want to give you an opportunity, not for religion—I hate religion, hate it—but for a relationship with my friend.
He's my friend and he visits me, and I'm telling you, he'll do the same for you as what he does for me.
He'll come and talk to you and show you what's coming.
You say, "Brandon, I want the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I want these things.
Can I have the baptism of the Holy Ghost?
Can I have all this?
Can I get my life right with the Lord?
" Well, you came to the right place, right?
It's not by coincidence.
It's late night here in America, really late for us.
But the Lord said, "You're here for such a time as this.
I want you to say this prayer after me.
" Just a simple prayer.
It's not all religious; I'm the furthest thing from religious you've ever seen.
Just a big old country guy coming from Oklahoma to tell you that Jesus Christ loves you and he has a plan for your life.
But I want you to accept my friend today.
At the count of three, I'm going to say the sinner's prayer, but I want you to make a stand for Jesus.
Jesus died for you publicly.
Now, you be public about your salvation and say, "I want to be saved.
" If Jesus was able to do it publicly, you do it publicly.
Tell someone, "I need Jesus Christ today.
" At the count of three, I'm going to count to three and I want you to tell us in the comment section down below.
Tell us.
Say, "I need Jesus today," or, "I want to be baptized in the Holy Ghost.
I need Jesus.
I need a touch from Jesus today.
" All right.
One, two, three.
You feel that inside your heart right now.
Say, "Jesus, I need you.
" Say, "Jesus, I need you.
I want to turn my back on this world today.
Today's my day.
I'm coming home.
I've been backsliding.
I need Jesus.
I've been living in sin.
I don't want anything to do with the world.
I need Jesus.
I'm selling out to Jesus today.
I want you to sell out to Jesus today.
There may not be anybody, I don't know, but I just felt inside to give you the opportunity to make a change and to say, 'I need him today.
He's my friend and he's with me all the time.
' And I'm not saying everything's always easy, but as long as you keep on keeping on...
So, I'm going to say the sinner's prayer with you, and you can say it with me is what I'm trying to say.
Ready?
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner.
I've fallen away.
I've turned my back on you.
But as of tonight, I'm coming home.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me of my compromise.
Forgive me for not being sold out.
As of today, I make a change in my heart.
I make a change in my heart today.
Today is a new start.
Forgive me, Lord.
I'm coming home.
I'm not running no more.
But I ask you to help me with the things that have been plaguing me the most.
I can't do this.
I have addictions.
I've been doing all these bad things, but I need help.
And as I ask you for help, Lord, will you meet me at my point of need?
And he will.
But I surrender to you today.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that you write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And even if it had some dust on it, it's clean, it's off.
I'm now coming home.
Right, that's it.
That's it.
For with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
That's what you do.
You say, "I need a Savior.
" So, I believe today you just did the best thing you could ever do, which is to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I believe it.
And I'm going to be so excited to meet you in heaven when that day comes.
You can say, "Hey, Brandon, I was there and I said that prayer with you.
You led me to Jesus today.
" I told you about my friend, but he did the rest.
So, if you say, "What do I do now?
" Well, if you're new here and you've never read the Bible, you don't know all these things.
You get a Bible, you read your Bible every day, and you pray.
You go to church, you tell the pastor there, "Hey, I need to be water-baptized.
" I just got born again watching some guy on the internet, and I need to get water-baptized.
So, you get water-baptized.
You get dunked in there.
It's a public display.
Say, "Jesus, I'm sold out.
" That's all: I'm sold out to Jesus.
So you volunteer, you read your Word, you pray every day, and you draw near to Him.
Don't lose that fire.
You've got to keep that fire fanned, that flame of fire inside of you, the Holy Ghost and fire.
That's what you've got to do—fan the flame.
Yep, so that's what you're going to do.
And the only way you do that is by staying in the Word—staying in the Word and by praying in the Spirit.
But I'm so glad you came tonight.
If you say, "Well, I can't afford a Bible," in the description down below, if you can't afford a Bible, my wife and I will send you a Bible for free through Amazon here in the States.
Just tell us your address.
We'll never bother you again.
We'll not solicit you.
We're just doing it to celebrate your decision tonight.
Say, "I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
" Put it in the headline, in the top of it.
Say, "I gave my heart to Jesus tonight," and we want to celebrate with you by giving you your first Bible.
We love you and we're so thankful that you came today.
Now, if you say, "I need to be baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire.
I want to pray in tongues just like that, Brandon, like I heard you do.
I want to pray in tongues like that.
" He gave us gifts, and I would encourage you to read the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Why tongues?
If you want to know more about tongues, and you say it sounds really weird and everything, read Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Find that little book.
I think it's probably like a dollar.
You can find it for a buck and you can read about Why Tongues by brother Kenneth E.
Hagin and it will change your life.
But I pray right now, and the devil's going to try to talk you out of it: "Oh, it's of the devil.
" If it's of the devil, I say, "Why are the people in the bars not speaking in tongues if they're falling out?
" You know, they're drunk.
That doesn't happen, folks.
You don't see the strip club and all the people in there doing that, speaking in tongues and watching people on the poles.
It doesn't happen.
You don't hear it in bad places.
It's only in Pentecostal churches, you know.
And so, I want to encourage you to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And the Lord's not going to come by and grab a hold of your tongue and shake it for you.
You've got to step out of the boat.
You've got to step out of the boat and you've got to do it.
And you've got to put your faith in motion.
You've got to put your faith to it.
Faith without works is dead.
If you don't move your tongue and utter syllables out of your mouth, it's not going to work, you know what I'm saying?
So, you've got to let the Holy Ghost flow through you, but you put your faith, your flesh in it, and say, "I'm going to speak it, and I'm going to move my tongue, and I'm going to say these syllables out there," and the Holy Ghost starts coming up on you.
Watch, just like it happens with me.
And he comes on you like Holy Ghost and fire.
I'm telling you, it comes up and you go, "Whoa!
" And it's like a river of living water coming up out of you.
Okay?
So, we pray for you and we're excited you're here.
But if you want to know more about tongues and you say, "Well, that's all strange," find the book Why Tongues.
That's what I have to tell you.
And it will really bless you.
And so, thank you for joining us tonight.
Thank you for being here.
I appreciate every single one of you.
It's such a blessing that you would spend your night.
I know it's getting late, but I felt an urgency to pray for these things.
And the Lord said, "Do it today.
" And I said, "Lord, it's like 10 o'clock.
" "It doesn't matter.
If they want to pray, they want to pray.
If they don't, they don't.
" So, I appreciate every single one of you that prays.
I feel like we made great headway in the spirit realm concerning things.
So, are there a lot of people here?
5,000.
Oh, there's 5,000 of y'all.
Well, praise the Lord.
That means we had 5,000 prayer warriors with us.
A lot more through this whole—I think it was over an hour.
I don't know how long we've been on here.
30,000 for the whole—30,000 people prayed.
So, and then some of them went to bed, but that's a lot.
Praying for how long?
How long were we on here?
An hour and 40 minutes.
Almost two hours.
Well, praise God.
So, did this bless y'all?
Do they have any questions?
Before I go, there's a lot of people getting saved.
A lot of people getting saved.
Well, welcome to the family.
Please like and subscribe.
Click the notification bell if you're new here and you're watching this video.
Come back.
I want you to be part of my prayer team.
This is my prayer group.
I got a big prayer group.
A lot of prayer warriors.
Yes, a big revival in Africa.
I'll tell you what I saw real quick if you want to hear about it.
I usually don't give detail until I give the next video of what I see, but I saw a sun that split the rays off the sun, and it was shining over the continent of Africa.
All of it was starting to shine, but it started on the ocean side first and started going to the east.
And so it was on the west side first, and it started fanning out over Africa from the coastline, and it started from, I guess that would be South Africa, right?
Down low.
And yeah, down low.
I know, but I'm just saying it's on the water, right?
Yeah.
And so I'm just saying it was all down on the water, but it started to spread out over Africa.
And I saw every tribe and every tongue of the continent of Africa starting to be on fire for Jesus.
It was a glory outpouring.
What is that right there?
No, go up.
What is that?
No, down right there.
That big one.
Yep.
What is that?
Angola.
It was all around Angola.
That's where I was seeing it.
And it started spreading out on Angola and moving across the land.
Yep.
All right, there.
I don't know how you can show them that, but that's what I saw.
But the main focus of what I saw was the glory coming to Africa and a major move of God.
But I saw all kinds of tribe and tongue of people getting radically born again.
But it was more about a Holy Ghost fire.
Holy Ghost.
First there was fragrance and then it started fire.
You know, "My worship is my weapon.
This is how I win my battles.
" There it is.
"This is how I win.
" I love that song.
Yeah, that's what they're saying.
That's what they're saying when they're saying you're worshiping the Lord.
That's how you win your battle for your life.
Yeah.
"This is how I win my battles.
" First it was fragrance.
I love that song.
Okay.
So, and then the Lord's telling me to pray over a thin line.
I saw a lot with the war, and I can't get into all that.
There are some things there that I just can't talk about on here, but I will tell you this, this is very serious.
Very, very, very serious.
We must pray for a de-escalation of what would try to manifest in the days ahead and some meetings and some time of a thin red line.
And it was so thin.
It was rice paper thin.
But this is so serious of backing a bear into a corner that this thing is about to really kick off.
And we must pray for a de-escalation of war in Europe.
Okay.
And pray, if it was to escalate to that, for a retaliation in Cuba against America.
Things being promised behind the shadows.
That's all I can say about that.
I probably said too much already, but pray over Canada.
And then I saw splitting, and the Lord said remember September, circling September.
Very seriousness about September concerning Israel and a two-state solution calling Palestine a state, and the statehood, and causing escalation there.
And this was very serious too, but the Lord was, "Watch the fig tree.
" And that's what I was seeing.
And so then I saw an escalation—I'm getting tired—in the water volcanoes, and I saw Mount Fuji, the whole top went off like an atomic thing.
I'm talking a serious thing happened in Fuji.
Mount Fuji.
Fuji.
Yep.
Big.
I saw the whole snow cap on the top of that thing completely gone.
But it went off like a massive—beyond anything you can comprehend.
Complete devastation is what I saw.
And I don't know what would cause that, but it happened suddenly.
It was out of nowhere.
Boom.
Nobody was expecting it—I don't know if they were expecting it or not, I'm not going to sit there and try to add to or take away from, I just saw a complete devastation thing happen.
It was bad, from what I saw.
And I saw British Columbia again tonight.
I saw earthquakes, a massive earthquake shaking the buildings completely to the ground in India in their temples.
I'm talking pagan temples falling completely to the ground, decimated by a major earthquake.
And I saw monkeys falling off as it was shaking.
I saw monkeys, and I thought that was interesting.
I don't know what's up with these monkeys, but I saw monkeys falling down off of this temple because there were monkeys on this shrine.
It looked like a pyramid-looking thing, and there were monkeys hanging on this thing.
And whenever it started to be shaken to the ground, the monkeys were scattered around, and they weren't like gorilla monkeys, they were like little monkeys like my son's showing.
It was monkeys like that, and they were scattering all over the place trying to get off these temples as they were being taken to the ground.
And then I saw major shaking again, like I said, in British Columbia, a major escalation in the water.
I saw actual lava coming up in the water and fish dying.
So I know there's a lot there.
Oh, and I said pray for Australia.
The Lord told me, said, "Pray for Australia.
" I saw your summer, your summer will be very, very hot where that Opera House is.
And I saw so much so that even the wildlife, they were trying to find water.
Kangaroos were trying to find water, and I saw the land splitting, cracking from lack of water, drought.
And listen, pray for the rain.
Pray for the rain over Australia.
Not only the natural rain, but a Holy Ghost and fire rain, for a major revival would take place from—is it Sydney?
I'm saying it wrong.
Yeah, Sydney.
That's what the Lord said.
Yes, it's Sydney, Brandon.
Sydney, Australia.
All the way across.
Major, major, major, major revival.
Glory to God.
Yeah, that's what he's showing you about the Opera House, the Sydney Opera House.
Yep, Sydney, Australia.
Yeah, Queensland, Northern Territory, and Western Australia.
Yep.
Major revival.
But I saw drought, and praying over that for a very hot, hot summer, unusual.
And the Lord said, "Pray for rain.
Pray.
" There's things with the earth.
There's things happening, and we're going to see things.
And some of these things when I stopped, I said, "Can we stop some of this stuff?
" And he said, "No, no, you can't, but you can pray protection over your families.
" And he said, "I'll protect you.
" Do you understand?
A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it won't come nigh you.
That's what he said.
You have divine protection.
Divine protection over all this stuff.
Fearful sights you'll see in the heavens, all these things.
But it doesn't have to affect you.
You can quote Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 and get that down in your heart and it will be your protection.
All right.
Believe it in your heart, though.
You got to be a believing believer.
A believing believer.
So, glory to God.
Well, I think that's pretty good.
What do you think, son?
Good.
Good enough today.
I appreciate y'all being here, though.
I think I kind of went over everything.
Is there anything else they want to know?
Anything else?
Is it good?
And the fish.
Pray over the fish.
Praying over the fish because there was literally tens of thousands of them washing up on the top and they were dying and they were all on the top.
It was nasty because you know a lot of dead fish is going to stink after a while.
And so there's a lot of dead fish and I saw them.
They were coming up from the depth.
Fish you've never seen before.
The Lord said there were fish you'll never have seen before.
Some of you people have never seen it with human eyes in public.
Maybe by underwater devices, but nothing in the natural have we seen some of this stuff before.
Like, it's like uncommon fish.
Uncommon fish coming up from the depth is what I saw.
Weird fish.
Weird looking fish.
Scary looking fish.
So backing the bear in the corner.
Yeah, backing the bear in the corner.
That was Putin.
Putin's the bear.
That's the Lord said, "Do not back the bear in the corner.
" And they'll try in the days ahead.
I saw a major backing of the bear, an escalation of things.
And as this happened, there were things in the shadows of North Korea.
And I'm not going to talk about some of that, but there were some very serious things there.
Folks, you really need to hear this.
You need to pray over this.
You don't want your family involved in this.
People's lives because of pride and ego and things.
Who's telling me what to do?
Who's doing this?
Men's lives are at stake.
This is the balance between life and death for some folks.
It's very serious.
It's not like people playing war games and stuff.
It's crazy.
It's like deescalate, have peace, who's moving first, who's flinching first.
Just like a bully in the schoolyard.
Who's going to hit first?
You know, you hit me, I'll hit you.
But not only that, I got a big brother behind me.
It's very serious for what I saw tonight.
Australia trying to get involved in this.
And Australia was saying, "We don't want to be involved in this.
" But they felt like they were obligated to.
I saw their people saying, "We don't want to be involved in this.
We're down here.
" And they, but they felt they were pressured to get involved with what I saw coming.
It's very serious.
So, all right.
I've said enough.
I'm tired now.
God bless you all.
I really appreciate you coming out.
Remember, put a smile on your face.
Do they have anything else?
Is that it?
That's good.
Yeah, they're talking about the earthquake hit Russia.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all abundantly today.
Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for joining us.